you
hey everybody I some gadget guy one here
from some gadget guide com some really
exciting news I was in the middle of
shooting another review right back there
which I'll get to later i'll post the
video after i'm all done here when a
really exciting press release just
dropped into my email notifications and
it came from t-mobile and as you know
t-mobile's been shaking up a lot of how
they charge customers for phones how
they you know do sign up people for new
plans doing a lot of zero down monthly
payments I most recently they just
announced free worldwide data so for
those of you who are constantly
traveling around the globe you now have
access to free data on your phone
without having to worry about popping
your SIM card or getting into weird
contracts or any overages for people
who've traveled in the past and then
come back to find that they've got a
bill for a thousand dollars because they
check their email while they were out on
the beach well they're taking that in a
step further and they just announced
today they're uncarrier tablets
Unleashed plan which looks really cool I
mean I'm chewing through I'm still
reading through most of the press
release right now and I'm trying to chew
through all of the fine print just to
see what kind of gotchas there might be
but it doesn't seem like there's any
drawbacks to this plan so the plan is uh
you can get tablets through t-mobile
currently they offer the samsung galaxy
tab 2 but starting in galaxy 10.1 two or
galaxy tab 2 10.1 that's what that's
what it is starting in november i think
starting november 20th they'll also be
adding the Nexus 7 and so you can go to
a tmobile store for zero money down zero
dollars down and then monthly payments
you can pick up a tablet and then for
the life of that tablet you will have
free data every month two hundred
megabytes of 4G LTE data every month for
free so with the example they gave what
the Nexus 7 is 40 40 down here i'm going
to screen share this just you can see
the just you can see the announcement so
400 down and sixteen dollars a month for
24 months you can pick up a
google nexus 7 that's the 32 gig LTE
version of the nexus 7 and you will get
two hundred megabytes of data for free
every month that's remarkable that's
crazy exciting because there are a
number of people like myself who were
probably going to get the nexus 7 at
some point and I was waiting out for the
LTE version to drop so now instead of
going to Google Play and buying the LTE
version there I'll spend just a little
bit more over the life of the tablet but
pick it up from t-mobile and then
already have an LTE plan in place for
free so you know I know 200 megabytes
isn't a lot of data to be walking around
with and so they also have an unlimited
plan for ten dollars a month so for ten
bucks a month you get unlimited data but
only 500 megabytes a month are is on LTE
after that it drops back down to 3G
speeds you get throttled you know
t-mobile does a lot of that where you
have you'll never cut off your data
connection they won't charge you
overages but they will cap your data
speeds throttle you back down but that's
still a remarkably goodbye so you could
pick up a nexus 7 you won't spend any
money to get the tablet and for
twenty-six dollars a month you have
unlimited data on on t-mobile's LTE
network or you have unlimited data and
500 megabytes of that every month is on
t-mobile's LTE network just remarkable
remarkable plan and it's it's really
tempting me to cross over to t-mobile
for my next smartphone contract you know
maybe pick up a nexus 5 whenever Google
decides that they actually want to
release the Nexus 5 and Kit Kat instead
of just teasing us all the time so folks
go check out a tmobile there's the
there's the tablets unleashed on the
tmobile.com landing page and there's
some really cool things brewing over it
the United States fourth place carrier
they're getting really plucky and it's
kind of exciting watching a carrier
actually try to compete for new
subscribers new services and new devices
so if you're thinking of switching over
to t-mobile leave me a comment down
below if you've already switched over to
t-mobile definitely leave me a comment
down below I'd be really curious to see
what people's experiences have been
moving over to t-mobile you know I was a
sprint guy I'm currently on a tee what
have your experiences been moving over
to t-mobile have you been getting fast
data do you get good coverage do you get
good service do you get good customer
service that's always very important for
me as well and I'd love to hear your
thoughts as always folks thanks for
watching and I'll catch you all on the
next video